README.md, before:

# Social Media Filters

This repo consists of my personal social media account filters, grouped by hierarchical categories.

No open source code to interpret and apply these lists, yet...

## Contributing

To contrbute, you must agree to the [DCO 1.1](https://developercertificate.org/) text below by using the `--signoff` option in all Git commits. This is also known as a "DCO signoff".

```text
Developer Certificate of Origin
Version 1.1

Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 The Linux Foundation and its contributors.

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
license document, but changing it is not allowed.


Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
```

## License

This repository is dual-licensed. FSFAP is the most permissive but may not be permitted in some organisations; In these cases, you may choose the MIT license instead.

[FSFAP](./LICENSES/FSFAP.txt) OR [MIT](./LICENSES/MIT.txt)

Commit message:

feat: update lists, re-license
Signed-off-by: Rifa Achrinza <25147899+achrinza@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<!--
  SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright 2024 Social Media Filters Authors <https://github.com/achrinza/social-media-filters>
  SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
-->

# Social Media Filters

This repo consists of my personal social media account filters, grouped by hierarchical categories.

Whether they should be used as positive or negative filters is up to you to decide.

No open source code to interpret and apply these lists, yet...

## Mirrors

This is also hosted on:

- https://github.com/achrinza/social-media-filters
- https://codeberg.org/achrinza/social-media-filters
- https://git.sr.ht/~achrinza/social-media-filters

## Contributing

To contrbute, you must agree to the [DCO 1.1](https://developercertificate.org/) text below by using the `--signoff` option in all Git commits. This is also known as a "DCO signoff".

```text
Developer Certificate of Origin
Version 1.1

Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 The Linux Foundation and its contributors.

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
license document, but changing it is not allowed.


Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
```

## License

This repository conforms to [REUSE.Software specification](reuse.software).
Refer to the individual files for the actual licenses.

The **general guidance** for licenses used is as follows:

| Material      | License                                       |
|---------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| Documentation | [CC-BY-SA-4.0](./LICENSES/CC-BY-SA-4.0.txt)   |
| Source code   | [AGPL-3.0-only](./LICENSES/AGPL-3.0-only.txt) |
| Config files  | [FSFAP](./LICENSES/FSFAP.txt)                 |
| Filters/Lists | [ODbL-1.0](./LICENSES/ODbL-1.0.txt)           |
